Telly Support FAQs
Account Set up
Hello! Thank you for your interest in Telly! To create your Telly reservation, please download the Telly App and follow the prompts through the app. The app will ask you to create an account, verify your email and phone number and then create a Telly profile. This process takes about 5-10 minutes, check out this page to find out more about the profile creation: Why do customers need to create a Telly profile? From your mobile phone, visit Telly.com and click on the SUPPORT option to download the Telly app. To ensure your reservation has been completed, log into your Telly app and make sure there are no additional prompts or questions. If you open the Telly app and it is asking you to verify your email, phone number, or to answer questions then please follow the prompts to complete your Telly reservation. We will send all updates about Telly and your reservation through the app so please make sure you have enabled push notifications. Terms and Conditions apply. -Telly Support

Apps available on Telly
Hello! Thank you for your interest in Telly! Telly aims to redefine what you can expect from a smart TV with all new widgets and apps: - Smart Screen: Telly’s Smart Screen lets viewers stay up to date with the latest news, sports scores, weather, stocks and so much more. They can gather together around the biggest screen in the home to watch Sunday football and track fantasy scores while watching the game. - Video Calling: Video calls will never be the same again as consumers can connect with friends, family and work colleagues from the biggest screen in the house. Viewers can even watch their favorite movie or sports teams together with friends and family across the county. - Video Games: Telly's Game Room is bringing the family back together for game night, packed with more than 40 video games, from arcade classics to immersive multiplayer experiences. - Music and Podcasts: Play songs from your favorite music service on Telly’s stunning built-in 6-driver sound bar powered by Spotify, LiveOne, and more. - Hey Telly (Voice Assistant): "Hey Telly" connects living room experiences like nothing before with an innovative AI-driven voice assistant. Coming soon! - Fitness: Telly turns the family room into a fitness studio with free advanced motion-tracking fitness programs designed for every lifestyle. Coming soon! - Mood Lighting: Set the mood with immersive backlighting seamlessly integrated into Telly. Dive into a spectrum of vibrant colors to enhance any entertainment. Whether you're jamming to music, conquering game worlds, or binge-watching, Telly transforms every moment into a thrilling visual adventure! To watch all of your favorite movies and TV shows or use some of your favorite apps, you can also use your favorite streaming stick or set-top box. Just simply plug into one of the 3 HDMIs and you’re ready to go. Let us know if you have any other questions. -Telly Support

Authorized Peripherals
Hello, Thank you for your interest in Telly! Telly has 3 HDMI ports that you can use to connect your favorite streaming devices like a streaming stick (like Roku, Amazon Fire Stick, Apple TV), cable box, gaming console (like Xbox, Playstation) and more. If you do not have a streaming device, Telly includes a free 4K Android TV dongle, made and supported by Google, that allows you to cast any media from your other devices to your Telly. It can also be removed and/or replaced with your own, if you prefer, in one of the three available HDMI ports. The following peripherals can be used with your Telly tv: - any device connected via HDMI; - any device connected via the audio jack (e.g. wired subwoofer or headphones); - any ATSC antenna connected to the coax connector (feature coming soon); - the Telly remote control. Check this video to find out how to connect all your favorite devices: Connecting Devices to Your Telly Let us know if there's anything else we can help you with. -Telly Support

Can I recover my account?
Hello, Thanks for your interest in Telly! Once an account is deleted, you are not able to re-store it but you can download the app and set up a new account. You should be able to use the same email address you had originally as well if you would like to. Let us know if you have any other doubts. -Telly Support

Codes
Hello! Thank you for your interest in Telly! Please download the Telly app and follow any prompts that are shown to complete your Telly reservation. You will be asked to verify your email and your cell phone number, but you should not need any other codes to complete your Telly reservation. If you are being asked for a referral code and you are not able to enter it, it is OK. From your mobile phone, you can visit Telly.com and click on the SUPPORT options below to open your Telly app. - Click here to download the Android App - Click here to download the iPhone App We will send all updates about Telly and your reservation through the app so please make sure you have enabled push notifications and check back to the app often! Terms and Conditions apply. -Telly Support

Delete Account - First Response
Hello, We have received your request for deletion of the personal information that we hold about you and your account. Just as a reminder that deleting your account and data will remove your reservation for a Telly TV. To delete your account, you can log into the Telly app and click on account settings. When you are in account settings, click on the primary profile icon. Once you click on the primary profile icon, you will see an option to delete the account. Alternatively, if you'd like us to process your account deletion request from our side, we require some additional information. Applicable state privacy regulations require us to ensure that you are authorized to delete this account. If you would like us to proceed with your deletion request, please respond back to this email with the name and phone number that you used to reserve your Telly. Once you have confirmed and we have verified your deletion request, we will delete your data as soon as possible. If you did not initiate this request, please let us know immediately by responding to this email. Thanks, -Telly

Delete account - User has not given additional details
Hello, Can you please send the email address, phone number, and name you used to set up your Telly account so we can delete it? -Telly Support

Edit address or name in app
Hello! Thank you for trying to edit your information in the Telly app. We recently added the ability to edit your address. If you do not see this option, make sure you have updated to the most recent version of the app. If you want to edit other account details, for now you can leave the incorrect information in your app. We are rolling out a new feature soon that will allow you to edit your name and other information, and we will notify you when it launches. Thank you again for your reservation! -Telly Support

Edit Email Address in App
Hello! Thank you for trying to edit your email address in the Telly app. We are rolling out a new feature soon to allow you to edit your information and we will notify you when it launches. For now, if you want to change the email address associated with your Telly reservation, you will first need to delete your current Telly account and data. This will also cancel your current Telly reservation. You may then re-register for a new account, and create a new Telly reservation, using a different email address. To delete your current account, you can log into the Telly app and click on account settings. When you are in account settings, click on the primary profile icon. Once you click on the primary profile icon, you will see an option to delete the account. Let us know if you have any other questions! -Telly Support

Email verification
Hello! We are sorry for the trouble you have had verifying your email! We have sent out new email verification links, please check your inbox, spam folders, and junk folders. The email would have come from "Telly Support". Let us know if you are still having any issues verifying your email! Please log into your Telly app for all of the latest updates from Telly! Thank you for your interest in Telly! -Telly Support

Enabling Notifications
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to the Telly support team! We send all updates about your Telly reservation through the app, so please make sure push notifications are enabled. You can follow the instructions below to enable notifications in the Telly app. Enable notifications in the Telly App 1. Open the Telly App on your phone 2. Tap on Account Settings 3. If push notifications are not enabled yet, you will be prompted to enable them 4. If you do not receive a prompt, your push notifications are already enabled You can follow the iPhone and Android support articles linked below to enable notifications on your phone. Change notification settings on iPhone Control notifications on Android Thank you for your interest in Telly! -Telly Support

Factory Reset Follow-up
Hello! We wanted to keep in touch regarding your Telly tv's technical issue. Have you been able to perform a Factory Reset on your Telly tv? If so, does it appear to have resolved your technical issue? If you attempted a Factory Reset and it has not resolved your technical issue, please let us know. We will be happy to assist further. -Telly Support

General Thank you
Hello, Great to hear! Thank you for your interest in Telly! -Telly Support

How can I return my Telly?
Hello! Thanks for your email. Of course, we'd love for your to stay with us, but if you wish to return your Telly, you just have to email us and let us know, so that we will organize the pick up! Let us know if you have any other questions. -Telly support

Mount
Hello, Thanks for reaching out to the Telly support team! Telly does not come with a wall mount but will work with any wall mount that is a standard VESA wall mount that holds approx. 65 LBS. Telly does come with leg stands that you can put on the bottom and use to sit on a piece of furniture if you would like as well. Check out these pages to find out more about welcoming your Telly: How do I install or mount Telly? Unboxing Your Telly Please let us know if you have any other question! -Telly Support

Opt out of Arbitration Only
Hello, We have received your request to opt-out of the arbitration agreement under the Terms of Service. Your place in the reservation queue is unaffected by this request. If you have not reserved your Telly yet, please download the mobile app to complete your Telly reservation. -Telly Support

Reboot Follow-up
Hello! We wanted to keep in touch regarding your Telly tv's technical issue. Have you been able to reboot your Telly tv? If so, does it appear to have resolved your technical issue? If you attempted a reboot and it has not resolved your technical issue, please let us know. We will be happy to assist further. -Telly Support

Set up Stuck (NEW)
Hello, We are sorry you are experiencing difficulties during your set up with Telly. Here are some troubleshooting steps to help resolve: - If you have an error code when you are setting up, please try unplugging your Telly for 30 seconds and re-plugging it back in. - If that did not work, let's do a factory reset. To do this, press and hold the volume down button on the Telly itself (it is on the right side of it under the coral power button) for 30 seconds. Your Telly will prompt you to complete a factory reset, just follow those prompts. It will ask you to re-pair your Telly remote, set up your wifi, and pair with your Telly App. If these 2 steps do not work to resolve your issue, please let us know and we can further troubleshoot. Thanks, -Telly Support

Specs of Telly
Hello! Thank you for your interest in Telly! Telly is a 55” 4K HDR smart TV with 60hz refresh rate, LED panel, a built-in 6-driver soundbar and Smart Screen. The dimensions of Telly are 48” width x 41” height x 3.5” depth. Telly ships with 2 leg stands that are 44” apart. If you want to wall mount Telly, you can use a standard 400 x 400 vesa mount that supports approx 65 lbs. Telly can be assembled quickly and it’s easy with two people. Use the included leg stands to set Telly on top of your TV stand. Alternatively, Telly is compatible with standard VESA wall mounts that are designed for 65”+ televisions and approx 65 lbs. Check out www.freetelly.com/getstarted for more details. Telly has the following connections: - 3 HDMI 2.1 Inputs (eARC/ARC supported on HDMI 3) - Antenna Input - Digital Audio Output (Optical) - Analog Audio Output (3.5mm) (for headphones or powered subwoofer) - Ethernet Port - USB 3.0 Port (2.4A) - USB-C 3.0 Port (2.4A) Check out this page to find out more about Telly: What is Telly? Thank you for your interest! -Telly Support

Tech Issue - A and B buttons on remote
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to the Telly support team! At the moment those button cannot be programmed. We will have features launching soon that will allow you to interact with your Telly using the A and B buttons, there will be no programming necessary and the Telly will update automatically with this feature as soon as it launches. Let us know if you have other doubts! -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Damaged Telly
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! In order to process the replacement, we need the following details: - A picture of the damaged Telly, in order to see where the damage is; - An explanation on how the damage occurred (did you open the box that way, did an installer damage it during installation, etc); - A confirmation of the email address you used for your Telly. We are looking forward to helping you sort this out. We will keep a close eye on your reply. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Factory reset
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! To try to fix this, can you please try to perform a factory reset? There are 3 options to perform it on your Telly: Option 1: From the Telly Mobile App 1. Go to the Account Setting option page 2. Select a Profile 3. Under User Profiles, click on “Factory Reset” Once Factory Reset has been completed, the user will be taken to the out-of-box-experience and they will have to 1) Pair the remote, 2) establish Network Connection, 3) check for a Software Update, and finally 4) Pair their Mobile App. Option 2: Using Telly TV Volume Down Button 1. On the right side of the TV, press and hold the Volume Down button for 30 seconds. 2. A dialog box will appear saying that a Factory Reset will happen. 3. You will be presented with two options: 1) Cancel or 2) Factory Reset. Select Factory Reset. 4. You will be presented with a 2nd opportunity to do Factory Reset: 1) Cancel or 2) Erase Everything. Select “Erase Everything” Once Factory Reset has been completed, the user will be taken to the out-of-box-experience and they will have to 1) Pair the remote, 2) establish Network Connection, 3) check for a Software Update, and finally 4) Pair their Mobile App. Option 3: From Telly TV 1. Using your remote, select the Smart Screen button (bottom button) to do Smart Screen navigation. 2. Navigate right to the “Settings” Option, press Select on your remote 3. Now that you are in the Theater Display, select “Help & Support” 4. In “Help & Support”, Select “Advanced” 5. In Advanced, select “Factory Reset TV” 6. You will be presented with two options: 1) Cancel or 2) Factory Reset. Select Factory Reset. 7. You will be presented with a 2nd opportunity to do Factory Reset: 1) Cancel or 2) Erase Everything. Select “Erase Everything”. Once Factory Reset has been completed, the user will be taken to the out-of-box-experience and they will have to 1) Pair the remote, 2) establish Network Connection, 3) check for a Software Update, and finally 4) Pair their Mobile App. If any of this doesn't work, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Freeze/Issues Updating Firmware
Hi there! Thank you for letting us know! We know how to fix this. Can you try the following steps and let us know if your Telly is still stuck? 1. Unplug the Telly’s power cable from the power outlet 2. Wait for 30 seconds 3. Plug the Telly’s power cable back into the power outlet and press Power button on the remote. 4. Go to Settings→Help & Support→Advanced→Check for Update . 5. If not try to update again using Settings→Help & Support→Advanced→Check For Update. If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - I don't see any ads
Hello, Thanks for being part of the Telly family! The ads should be on the bottom right hand side of your Telly. If you are not seeing them, try to follow these steps: 1. go into your Settings 2. select Help & Support, Advanced, and go to "Reboot TV" This should allow you to see them, but let us know if you still experience this issue. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Issues with Android dongle
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Included in the box with your Telly is a free Android TV dongle that has pre loaded apps to be able to watch news, sports, movies, and shows on. To install the dongle, please watch this video: How to connect devices to your Telly. If your dongle asks what brand you should set up, you can select any brand. Telly is currently being loaded as an option. If you are having issues with your Android dongle, let’s make sure that you have the latest software. To do a software update, please follow the following steps: 1. Settings Icon on Remote 2. Go to Device Preferences → About → System Update 3. Will launch a full screen UI that does a “Check for Update” then instructs if on latest or new update is downloading. If you are showing "no signal" on the screen when you select the HDMI input that the Android dongle is plugged into, try selecting a different HDMI input then navigating back to the original HDMI input to see if the screen shows the same no signal issue. If your dongle is still having issues, unplug the power source from the Dongle, let it sit for 30 seconds, and then replug it in. You will see a white screen as it restarts. Please let us know if these steps do not work. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Lip sync
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Can you please let us know the following details? - the device you are using; - the app you are watching; - the name name of the show (if available). In the meantime, can you please try to unplug the Telly, wait 30 seconds and plug back in? If it is still happening, let's reboot your Telly with the following steps: 1. Go to your settings on the Telly smart display 2. Select "Help & Support" on the far right 3. Select "Advanced" 4. Select "Reboot TV" If this doesn't work, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - My camera stopped working
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Can you try the following to see if this fixes the issue? 1. Turn your Telly off and on 2. When it is back on, navigate to the settings on the bottom screen 3. Click on Help & Support 4. Click on Advanced 5. Click on "Reboot TV" If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - No sound on TV
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Here are a few steps to try and resolve this: 1. Make sure that the volume is "up" on any remote you are using with Telly. For example, if you are is using a cable box or a streaming stick (including the Android TV dongle that shipped with Telly), make sure that remote control has the volume turned up. 2. Also make sure the Telly remote control is turned up as well- here is a short video about the Telly remote: Using the Telly remote 3, If that does not work, I would recommend turning the Telly on and off. 4. If that does not work, let's reboot your Telly. To reboot your Telly go to your Settings on the Telly smart display. Navigate to the right to "Help & Support". Click on Advanced and select "reboot TV". If you are using the Android dongle that came with your Telly and are still having this issue after the steps above, please try the following: 1. Make sure Telly TV is on correct HDMI input that Andorid Dongle is plugged into 2. From Android Dongle Remote control go to Settings Gear Icon on the top right 3. Click the Settings Gear Icon 4. Scroll Down to “Set up remote buttons” and press “OK” 5. Scroll Down to “Volume Control” and press “OK” 6. Change to “Auto (CEC)” from Google TV If you are using an external sound bar, please make sure you are connected to the 3rd HDMI port or with an optical cable to ensure your sound bar works with Telly. You may need your sound bar remote to turn your sound bar on if you are not finding your sound bar powering on. Please note if you are using an external sound bar and would like to make any audio adjustments like adjusting the bass or surround sound features, you will need to use your sound bar remote control to do this. If this doesn't work, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech issue - Reboot
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! To try to fix this, can you please perform a reboot? Here are the steps to do it: 1. Turn your Telly off and on 2. When it is back on, navigate to the settings on the bottom screen 3. Click on Help & Support 4. Click on Advanced 5. Click on "Reboot TV" If this doesn't work, let's try a factory reset by pressing and holding down the volume down button on the Telly for 30 seconds and following the prompts. Let us know how it goes! -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Reconnect To Internet
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Let's try with these steps, in order to fix the situation: 1. unplug Telly from the wall and take batteries out of remote; 2. reset your modem/router. Most routers you can just unplug and re plug in after a few min to do this; 3. after about 30-60 min of the Telly being unplugged, plug back in and start up; 4. if it starts up normal that’s great, no further steps; 5. if the message comes on again do one more factory reset, by holding the volume down button on the Telly itself for 30 seconds, then follow the prompt. Let us know if this worked out well or if you need further assistance. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Sound bar issues (except for no sound)
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Can you share the following with us so we can have our team dive in? 1. are you using HDMI or optical connection into your soundbar? 2. what streaming device were you using? Android stick that was shipped with Telly, Roku, etc? 3. what content were you watching when this happened? If you have the app and name of the content it would be super helpful so we can try and reproduce it. We are looking forward to helping you investigate and sort this out. We will keep a close eye on your reply. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Telly remote is not connecting to Telly
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, we have a few steps to fix this! If your Telly remote works but has weak signal: 1. Power your Telly off and on. 2. When your Telly is back on and the remote is working (but maybe the signal is not strong) we can pair your Telly remote via Bluetooth. To do this, go into your Telly settings, devices, remote & accessories, remote control pairing, and then follow the prompts. If your remote is not responding at all, please complete a factory reset and when your Telly starts back up it will ask you to pair your remote again. Here are the steps: 1. On the right side of the TV, press and hold the Volume Down button for 30 seconds. 2. A dialog box will appear saying that a Factory Reset will happen. 3. You will be presented with two options: 1) cancel or 2) Factory Reset. Select Factory Reset. 4. You will be presented with a 2nd opportunity to do Factory Reset: 1) Cancel or 2) Erase Everything. Select “Erase Everything”. If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Telly won't connect to Ethernet
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Here are a few steps to try and resolve this: 1. Ensure cord is snug in wall and in Ethernet port on the left hand side of Telly input area; 2. Ensure internet is working in home; 3. Perform a factory reset by holding down the "volume down" key on the right side of the Telly for 30 seconds. Follow the prompts that come up on your screen to perform a factory reset. If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Telly won't connect to WiFi
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Here are a few steps to try and resolve this: 1. Ensure you are on the correct Wi-Fi network; 2. When inserting your password, are there any caps or lowercase sensitivities? Make sure to change to lower/ upper case with up facing arrow on the bottom left of keyboard; 3. Try powering off and on the Telly; 4. Try performing a factory reset by holding down the "volume down" key on the right side of the Telly for 30 seconds. Follow the prompts that come up on your screen to perform a factory reset. If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Telly won't pair with Telly app
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Here are a few steps to try and resolve this: 1. Ensure you have the latest version of the Telly app downloaded on your phone. To make sure you do, delete the Telly app and re-download from the app store to re-download. You can login with the information you used originally to set up your Telly account; 2. If the pairing code doesn't display on the Telly & the wheel just keeps spinning, unplug and replug in the Telly and see if this is still happening; 3. If you have unplugged and replugged in, and your Telly is still freezing, perform a factory reset by holding down the "volume down" key on the right side of the Telly for 30 seconds. Follow the prompts that come up on your screen to perform a factory reset. If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Telly won't power on
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Here are a few steps to try and resolve this: 1. Ensure that the power cord is tightly plugged into the back right hand side of Telly and into a working outlet in wall; 2. Try a different outlet; 3. Try the side button on TV vs. remote control; 4. Put new batteries in the remote control; 5. Check that the power cord is not frayed anywhere. If this doesn't work, or you prefer going through the steps during a phone call, just reach out and let us know, so we can assist further. -Telly Support

Tech Issue - Visual issues playing videogames
Hello! Thanks for reaching out to the Telly support team, and sorry for the inconvenience! Your Telly is optimized to enhance your gaming sessions, you only need to activate the Game mode. You can do so, by following these steps: 1. Go to Settings; 2. Go to Picture / Sound settings; 3. Activate Game mode. If you continue to experience video artifacts, check that HDMI 2.1 is enabled on your gaming system, and that your HDMI cable is 2.1 compatible. Let us know if this worked out well or if you need further assistance. -Telly Support

Telly camera
Hello, Thank you for your interest in Telly! The camera on Telly is off by default and has a physical cover that remains closed unless you use an app on Telly that requires access to your camera (like Video Calling powered by Zoom). When you trigger an app that requires access to the camera, you will be prompted to approve access for that app to open the camera cover. When you are finished with that app, the camera cover will close. You’re always in control. Let us know if there's anything else we can help you with. -Telly Support

Updates through Telly App
Hello! Thanks for getting in touch with us! We're thrilled you're interested in Telly! Just to give you a quick update, we kicked off our shipping back in fall 2023, and the response has been huge – we've got nearly 400,000 people eager and waiting. Right now, we're in the middle of our Beta phase, putting Telly through its paces in thousands of homes. We really want to make sure things are as perfect as they can be for our big rollout across the country this year. As soon as your very own Telly is ready to roll, we'll drop you an email and send a notification through your Telly mobile app. That's your cue to lock in your details like confirming your shipping address and giving our Terms & Conditions the thumbs up. Once that's all sorted, our delivery squad will be in touch to sort out the shipping details with you. The Telly team is working around the clock to make the smartest TV in the world. We really appreciate your patience. Check out this page to find out more about your reservation: How do I know if my reservation has been submitted for a Telly? -Telly Support

US Only
Hello! Thank you for your interest in Telly! At this time, Telly is only available in the US. We will notify you if this changes! -Telly Support

Using another remote with Telly
Hello, Thanks for reaching out to the Telly support team. The Telly TV can only be controlled by the Telly remote. There are some 3rd party devices that can also be controlled by the Telly remote. To test your device, you will go to settings, devices, HDMI, Advanced, and make sure that CEC is ON (switched to the right). Check out these pages to find out more about the Telly remote: How do I control Telly with my remote? Do I need 2 separate remotes? Let us know if you have other questions! -Telly Support

Website is broken for registration
Hello! Thanks for reaching out and letting us know! We are fixing this now. For now, you can download the app directly to create your Telly reservation! Here is the link that should open on an iPhone or android device: App store for Telly App Thank you again for letting us know! -Telly Support

What is the app for
Hello! Thank you for your interest in Telly! The Telly mobile app is used to create a Telly account, confirm your Telly reservation, receive updates about your Telly, configure Telly settings, and manage your profile. The account that you create is also used to quickly and easily set up your Telly once it is delivered! Once you have activated your Telly you will automatically receive notifications of updates and new features available to you. -Telly Support

How do I rescan my channels?
Hello, Thanks for reaching out to the Telly support team. To rescan your channels, you can select the "Installation" option. Let us know if you have other questions! -Telly Support

What is Telly?
Telly is the ultimate free television upgrade for the living room combining the cinematic picture quality of a state-of-the-art 55” 4K HDR smart TV, a powerful, seamlessly integrated 6 driver soundbar and a second smart screen pioneering a first-of-its-kind dual screen design. All at a price that’s revolutionary: absolutely free.

If Telly is free, how do you make money?
All smart TVs come with ads. But you’re still paying for the TV. All of that changes with Telly. Telly is so smart, that it pays for itself with the help of advertisers and data partners. When you create your Telly account, we ask questions about you and your household to provide a useful and relevant ad experience. Brands, in turn, pay for the relevant and non-intrusive ad on the second Smart Screen. That’s how you get Telly for free. Plain and simple. We think it’s well past time you got cut in on the deal.

How does the second screen work?
Telly combines a state-of-the-art 55” 4K HDR Theater Display with a second Smart Screen forming the first Dual Screen smart TV that goes way beyond streaming. Telly’s Smart Screen brings all new experiences to your living room like video calling powered by Zoom, news, weather and sports updates, video games, a fitness studio and so much more. In addition, the Smart Screen houses all of your controls (i.e. input switching, settings, etc) without interrupting what you’re watching. And, it only gets smarter over time with frequent updates unlocking even more of its power. It’s not just TV, Telly is the new heartbeat of your home.

What apps are available on Telly?
Telly is transforming the biggest screen in the home into the world’s first truly Smart TV going beyond streaming to become the new heartbeat of your living room. Telly redefines what you can expect from a smart TV with all new widgets and apps: Smart Screen: Telly’s Smart Screen lets viewers stay up to date with the latest news, sports scores, weather, stocks and so much more. They can gather together around the biggest screen in the home to watch Sunday football and track fantasy scores while watching the game. Video Calling: Video calls will never be the same again as consumers can connect with friends, family, and work colleagues from the biggest screen in the house. Viewers can even watch their favorite movies or sports teams with friends and family across the county. Video Games: Telly's Game Room is bringing the family back together for game night, packed with more than 40 video games, from arcade classics to immersive multiplayer experiences. Music and Podcasts: Play songs from your favorite music service on Telly’s stunning built-in 6-driver sound bar powered by Spotify, LiveOne, and more. Hey Telly (Voice Assistant): "Hey Telly" connects living room experiences like nothing before with an innovative AI-driven voice assistant. Fitness: Telly turns the family room into a fitness studio with free advanced motion-tracking fitness programs designed for every lifestyle. Coming soon! Mood Lighting: Set the mood with immersive backlighting seamlessly integrated into Telly. Dive into a spectrum of vibrant colors to enhance any entertainment. Whether you're jamming to music, conquering game worlds, or binge-watching, Telly transforms every moment into a thrilling visual adventure! You can also use your favorite streaming stick or set-top box to watch your favorite movies and TV shows or use some of your favorite apps. Just plug into one of the 3 HDMIs, and you’re ready to go.

What is the Android TV dongle that is shipped inside the Telly box?
Telly has 3 HDMI ports that you can use to connect your favorite streaming devices like a streaming stick (like Roku, Amazon Fire Stick, Apple TV), cable box, gaming console (like Xbox, Playstation), and more. Telly includes a free 4K Android TV dongle inside the box if you do not have a streaming device. The included Android TV dongle is made and supported by Google.

Can I turn the camera off on Telly?
The camera on Telly is off by default and has a physical cover that remains closed unless you use an app on Telly that requires access to your camera (like Video Calling powered by Zoom). When you trigger an app that requires access to the camera, you will be prompted to approve access for that app to open the camera cover. When you are finished with that app, the camera cover will close. You’re always in control.

What are the dimensions of a Telly?
Telly is a 55” 4K HDR smart TV with a built-in 6-driver soundbar and Smart Screen. The dimensions of Telly are 48” width x 41” height x 3.5” depth. Telly ships with 2 leg stands that are 44” apart. If you want to wall mount Telly, you can use a standard 400 x 400 vesa mount that supports approx 65 lbs.

How to opt-out of Telly’s use of data after Telly has already delivered?
You can opt-out of Telly’s use and sharing of data at any time. However, by doing this you will need to return your Telly. Please contact us at support@freetelly.com to initiate this process. Please refer to our Telly Product Privacy Policy for details on data use and sharing practices.

Is Telly available internationally?
At this time, Telly is only available in the United States. We will notify you when and if this changes.

Can anyone get a Telly?
Every home in the United States that is connected to the internet and agrees to the terms and conditions is eligible to join our waitlist to receive one Telly for free.

Do I need a Credit Card to receive a Telly?
Yes. We use a credit card to validate your identity, assist with fraud protection and ensure compliance with Telly's terms and conditions. You’ll need to provide a valid credit card when finalizing your Telly order. There is no charge or hold during this verification step. Your Telly is completely free. Credit card details are encrypted and held securely with our trusted partner Stripe. In addition, the credit card associated with your account can optionally be used to make purchases in the future on your Telly (i.e. product purchases directly from your Telly) in the future. This will require a PIN code so that you are in control of any purchase.

Why do customers need to create a Telly profile?
During the profile creation process, we ask questions about you and your household to provide a useful and relevant ad experience. Brands, in turn, pay for the non-intrusive ad on the second Smart Screen. That’s how you get Telly for free. Plain and simple. We think it’s well past time you got cut in on the deal. Also, creating an account with Telly ahead of time, will allow for a quick setup when your Telly arrives. Your preferences will seamlessly be incorporated when you activate your Telly.

What does the Telly mobile app do?
The Telly mobile app is used to create a Telly account, confirm your Telly reservation, receive updates about your Telly, configure Telly settings, and manage your profile. The account that you create is also used to quickly and easily set up your Telly once it is delivered! Once you have activated your Telly you will automatically receive notifications of updates and new features available to you.

How do I install or mount Telly?
Telly can be assembled quickly and it’s easy with two people. Use the included leg stands to set Telly on top of your TV stand. Alternatively, Telly is compatible with standard VESA wall mounts that are designed for 65”+ televisions and approx 65 lbs. Check out www.freetelly.com/getstarted for more details. Note: Be careful not to place Telly face down on a hard surface as you set up your Telly. It’s best to do this on a flat soft surface such as carpet.

When will Tellys begin to ship?
Telly started shipping its first units to users in July of 2023. The team at Telly is working diligently to deliver as many units as possible to meet the overwhelming demand.

Does joining the reservation list guarantee that I will receive a Telly?
By grabbing a spot on our reservation list, you're showing your interest in Telly and changing the future of TV with us. We’re so excited to have you onboard. Just a heads-up: due to the massive interest, we can't promise everyone on the list will get one. Also, from time to time, we might need to tweak the order a bit. Don't worry though! We’re working around the clock to get a Telly into as many homes across the US as fast as possible. When a Telly is ready, we'll reach out with all the info you need to get started.

How do I create a reservation for Telly?
To create a reservation for Telly, simply visit www.freetelly.com and fill out the form at the top of the homepage. After completing the form, you will be prompted to download the Telly app to create a Telly account. Once you create your account and verify your details, you will create a Telly profile about your household and interests which takes about 5-10 minutes. If you need help finding the Telly app in the app store, visit Telly.com and click on the SUPPORT option from your mobile phone. To make sure your reservation has been completed, you can just log into your Telly mobile app and make sure there are no additional prompts or questions. If you open the Telly app and it is asking you to verify your email, and phone number, or to answer questions, then please follow the prompts to complete your Telly reservation. We’ll send all updates about Telly and your reservation through the app so please make sure you have enabled push notifications. Terms and Conditions apply.

How do I know if my reservation has been submitted for a Telly?
Open your Telly app and if there are no further questions or prompts then your reservation has been submitted. The screen will also show “Your reservation has been completed”. You will also receive a confirmation email from Telly within a few days of your reservation being completed. When your Telly is ready, you will be notified via the Telly mobile App.

What if I change my mind and don’t want a Telly after I make a reservation?
We’ll be sad to see you go. If you want to cancel your Telly reservation for any reason, you can delete your account. Go into the settings section of your Telly mobile app select “delete account”. If you have not completed a Telly profile or if you need some help from us, you can email support@freetelly.com to cancel your reservation and delete your account.

How will I be updated on the status of my reservation?
Keep a close eye on your Telly mobile app and your inbox. We’ll send all updates about Telly reservations to your Telly app. Please make sure you have push notifications enabled so you see the updates as soon as we send them.

Can I use my favorite streaming stick or cable/satellite box with Telly?
Yes! Telly has 3 HDMI ports for you to connect your favorite streaming stick or cable/ satellite box. If you have questions about what devices are approved to use with Telly, please reach out to support@freetelly.com.

Can I play my favorite gaming consoles on Telly (i.e. Xbox, Playstation, etc)?
Yes! Telly comes with 3 HDMI 2.1 ports for you to connect your favorite gaming console. If you have questions about what devices are approved to use with Telly, please reach out to support@freetelly.com. Note: If you love gaming, don’t miss Telly’s Game Room. It’s bringing the family back together for game night in front of the biggest screen in the home packed with more than 40 video games from arcade favorites to immersive multiplayer experiences.

Can I get more than one Telly?
Telly is available for a revolutionary price: completely free. And we want as many homes in America to try it as soon as possible. To do this, we limit each home to only one Telly.

Does Telly come with Netflix, Hulu, Youtube and more?
Telly ships with a free 4K Android TV streaming dongle that has all of your favorite apps included and over 700,000 shows and movies to watch. When you connect your Android TV dongle, you can set it up and sign in to all of your favorite streaming services. While Telly ships with an included 4k Android TV Dongle, users are welcome to connect their own favorite streaming service or device (Roku, Amazon Fire Stick, Apple TV and more) to take maximum control over the viewing experience.

What ports/connectors are on the Telly?
3 - HDMI 2.1 Inputs (eARC/ARC supported on HDMI 3) Antenna Input Digital Audio Output (Optical) Analog Audio Output (3.5mm) (for headphones or powered subwoofer) Ethernet Port USB 3.0 Port (2.4A) USB-C 3.0 Port (2.4A)

Can I connect my surround sound system or subwoofer to Telly?
A powered subwoofer can be added to complement Telly’s integrated premium soundbar, using the analog audio output. You can also choose to bypass the internal sound bar and add a home theater surround sound system by using the eARC/ARC connection via HDMI 3 or the optical digital audio output.

How do I control the Theater Display (top screen) with my Telly remote? How can I tell which screen is being controlled?
Telly is the first Dual Screen smart TV and comes with the first remote to control a Dual Screen TV. Telly’s included remote controls both the Theater Display (top screen) as well as theSmart Screen (bottom screen). The Telly remote has a directional circle pad in the middle of the remote with a screen switch button on the top and one on the bottom. When you tap the top button, your remote will control the top screen and when you press the bottom button it will control the bottom screen.

Do I need 2 separate remotes?
Telly ships with the Telly remote control used to control the Theater Display (top screen) and the Smart Screen (bottom screen). In addition, there is also an Android Dongle TV box that includes a remote control that you will use for setting up your Android TV Dongle. Once your Telly is paired to the Android TV Dongle, you can use the Telly remote to control your Telly and Android TV Dongle. If you are using another streaming device like a Roku stick or cable box, you may need to use the remote control that came with your device.

Does Telly get updates?
Telly gets smarter over time with frequent, meaningful updates unlocking even more of its power. Telly connects to your home internet and automatically receives software updates with new features and improvements. Your Telly will know when there is a new update available and will download it automatically for you.

How do I perform a factory reset on my Telly?
There are 3 options to perform a factory reset on your Telly: Option 1: From the Telly Mobile App Go to the Account Setting option page Select a Profile Under User Profiles, click on “Factory Reset” Once Factory Reset has been completed, the user will be taken to the out-of-box-experience and they will have to 1) Pair the remote, 2) establish Network Connection, 3) check for a Software Update, and finally 4) Pair their Mobile App. Option 2: Using Telly TV Volume Down Button On the right side of the TV, press and hold the Volume Down button for 30 seconds. A dialog box will appear saying that a Factory Reset will happen. You will be presented with two options: 1) Cancel or 2) Factory Reset. Select Factory Reset. You will be presented with a 2nd opportunity to do Factory Reset: 1) Cancel or 2) Erase Everything. Select “Erase Everything” Once Factory Reset has been completed, the user will be taken to the out-of-box-experience and they will have to 1) Pair the remote, 2) establish Network Connection, 3) check for a Software Update, and finally 4) Pair their Mobile App. Option 3: From Telly TV Using your remote, select the Smart Screen button (bottom button) to do Smart Screen navigation. Navigate right to the “Settings” Option, press Select on your remote Now that you are in the Theater Display, select “System” In System, Select “Advanced” In Advanced, select “Factory Reset TV” You will be presented with two options: 1) Cancel or 2) Factory Reset. Select Factory Reset. You will be presented with a 2nd opportunity to do Factory Reset: 1) Cancel or 2) Erase Everything. Select “Erase Everything”. Once Factory Reset has been completed, the user will be taken to the out-of-box-experience and they will have to 1) Pair the remote, 2) establish Network Connection, 3) check for a Software Update, and finally 4) Pair their Mobile App.